Elon Musk was born in 1971 in Pretoria, South Africa.
As a child, Elon Musk's home was one of the largest in Pretoria, and he often traveled abroad with his family.
Elon Musk learned about electricity and explosives from his father.
Elon felt sympathy for his father, who seemed “lonely” and “very sad”
Elon Musk has a very bad relationship with his father. When Elon Musk was a teenager, his parents divorced, and he still regrets living with his father.
Elon does not want to talk about father at all. Elon sees his father as a demon. He has given up all hope for his father.
Elon's father was eccentric and violent.
12-year-old Elon questioned the purpose of life and tried to overcome his pain with philosophical books such as Nietzsche and Schopenhauer.
Philosophical books were too negative for a young teenager. He overcame his pain positively through fantasy or science fiction as an alternative.
Elon's most favorite book was The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy.
Other books Elon likes are The Lord of the Rings, Foundation series.
Elon's concept of Multi-Planet Species was inspired by the foundation created by Harry Sheldon.
When he was 12, he self-taught a programming language and created a game called Blastar with his brother, which he sold to game magazines for $500.
Thanks to father, Elon was able to buy a home computer with 5kb of RAM when he was 10.
Elon had a hobby of making model rockets.
In a South African school, due to his weakness and uniqueness, he was often bullied by the children around him.
Elon's favorite composer is Bethoven.
In  'living on a dollar a day' project. Elon bought frozen hotdogs and $30 worth of oranges at the supermarket, and ate only them every day for a month to experiment what life without money would be like.
He expressed concerns about global environmental problems, explosive population growth, and the end of mankind due to food shortages in his young ages.
Starting with ZIP2 in 1995, he established X.com predecessor of Paypal.
eBay purchased Paypal for $1.5 billion.
As a side note, the first intern selected was a Korean engineer.
In fact, in the beginning, Elon Musk had absolutely no intention of making a rocket that could send even a small amount of cargo to Mars with his own hands.
On a flight back from Russia, he banged on his calculator and came to the conclusion that it would be better for me to just make and shoot rockets, so he founded SpaceX in 2002.
In January 2016, Elon said they will send people to Mars by 2025.
A satellite internet brand launched by SpaceX. More than 10,000 satellites will be deployed in low-Earth orbit, covering almost all regions of the planet. A limited beta service will begin in North America from the end of 2020, and worldwide service will begin in 2024.
On June 12, 2014, CEO Elon Musk announced in a blog that all Tesla Motors patents were publicly available. The reason is said to be to grow the electric vehicle market.
The Hyperloop is easy, it's not a rocket science.
Elon Musk is dreaming about a supersonic vertical take-off and landing (VTOL) electric jet.
OpenAI is a non-profit organization co-founded with Sam Altman in October 2015. It's mission is to ensure that artificial general intelligence benefits all of humanity.
Neuralink is a company created to connect the human brain and computers. A company that aims to develop a brain-computer interface for reading and writing data using electrodes flowing through the brain or for fusion with AI.
He is known for being a horrendous workaholic. Musk has been obsessed with work day and night since starting his own business with her brother in her early 20s, and even when he became a billionaire by creating PayPal, he couldn't even go on honeymoon due to Peter Thiel's coup and heavy work.
Talulah Riley said "I thought this man might have a heart attack and die. Elon felt pain in his body. He had a terrible nightmare and he leaned against my body and cried as he fell asleep."
In the 20 years since this incident, Musk has never taken a long vacation of more than a week.
Do I think that there’s some sort of master intelligence architecting all of this stuff? I think probably not, because then you have to say: “Where does the master intelligence come from?"
Elon Musk supports the simulated cosmology of Nick Bostrom
Musk's cousin, Lyndon, was on the way to the Burning Man Festival in the Nevada desert and said, 'I want to start a business that does good things,' and Elon Musk recommended starting a solar business.
Musk has announced that he will temporarily suspend Tesla's Bitcoin payments, arguing that Bitcoin is destructive to the environment due to excessive power consumption and use of fossil fuels.
Money is an information system for Labor allocation.
BTC is candidate for that, solving for scarcity. Open ledger. Transaction cost hight. Volume low.
Dogecoin is a hustle
Fate loves irony.
Most ironic and entertaining outcome would be that cryptocurrency that was started as a joke, to make fun of cryptocurrencies ends up being the leading cryptocurrency.
We are living in simulation. it would seem to follow that the odds that we’re in base reality is one in billions.
Originally, he had severe hair loss, but after getting rich, he got a hair transplant and is now at a normal level. Because of this, he now looks younger than in the past.
The rumor that Elon secretly creating a zombie apocalypse to generate demand for flamethrowers is completely false
There were some risks of non-linear change, but we handled well.
I think its a false dichotomy to look at government and sort of industry as separate. government is the ultimate corporation.
Governement helped SpaceX and electric cars a lot.
I do love NASA, always have. They always helped me on journey to the mars.
Armstrong expressed concerns about astronauts hitching rides with commercial companies.
Musk said that the doubts Armstrong and other astronauts expressed made him “very sad.”
There are no tasks that humans can do better than AI. DeepMind crushed all humans at all games.
AI is more dangerous than nukes.
People are trying to reserve lands on mars on metaverse.
Dodge amusement park is the hottest world in mestaverse.
Most people on earth are living in metaverse.
LightSail is designed to travel through space propelled by nothing but sunlight
Elon lost two ships on experimenting travel to the mars.
Having no gravity for a long time can cause a lot of painful health problems for astronauts.
The atmosphere is not breathable: it is only 1% the thickness of our atmosphere
Growing plants on Mars was not easy. The soil is really salty and acidic. We brought bacteria to Mars to help plants grow
Life in glass domes at first
We have only sunlight for some 12 hours. The other 13 hours would be dark during which we can sleep, without any distress, except for the feeling that we are away from earth.
In 2028, after two failed launches, Elon Must succeeds in sending 100 manned probes to Mars.
They were safely landed on Arcadia planitia in the Northern Hemisphere of Mars.
100 people step on the red ground of Mars after the first long flight of six months.
A team of 100 people includes scientists, engineers, and researchers, and brave technicians who would help in the initial setting of Mars city construction. Writers, artists, burningman members were also mobilized to realistically and artistically record the history of Mars.
Most of those who migrated from the blue dot to the red dot sympathized with Elon Musk's vision to be the multi-planetary species, but they also expected that their journey to an unknown place would fill the void deep within their lives.
People who took the leadership role were busy with their teams and set up the base of operation by taking on their respective roles
Every day, people explored soils, built environments for plants to grow, and explored the Martian horizon. Someone fell in love as on Earth.
Then one day, just before the arrival of the second probe, they discover "something" on Mars, and urgently notify Earth.
We cannot tell what "something" is because it will change the course of martian history.
"something" was enough to throw the world into chaos. When Elon Musk found out about this, he wondered who he would confide in about this "something".
Eventually NASA found out about it.
As NASA knew that "something" existed, the Mars project had to be led at the national level in the future.
NASA, which had temporarily stopped sending people to other planets after the lunar mission, suddenly spurred its space business, and the quiet space development project suddenly became the top concern of countries around the world.
The demand for Mars in the metaverse is also heating up. Not only individuals and investment organizations, but also at the national level, the metaverse is claiming ownership of the land of Mars.
